Add troubleshooting section (#445)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

---
title: "Troubleshooting"
slug: "troubleshooting"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2023-05-11T10:17:18.615Z"
updatedAt: "2023-05-11T10:17:18.615Z"
---

> If you believe your VTEX store is not functioning properly, troubleshoot it with the instructions in the guides below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experiencing issues with your VTEX store, you can troubleshoot and resolve them by following the instructions provided in the guides below.
```
